Contamination filtering (#156)
nf-core/smrnaseq: docs/output.md

![cutadapt](images/cutadapt_plot.png)

## Bowtie2

> [Bowtie2](http://bowtie-bio.sourceforge.net/bowtie2/index.shtml) is used to align the reads to user-defined databasesof contaminants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bowtie2](http://bowtie-bio.sourceforge.net/bowtie2/index.shtml) is used to align the reads to user-defined databases of contaminants.
```
